why is dream specs way better than real
sex because they come when you want them
to girl that is so true when I'm done
they're done hello
ever think about all the stuff we've
done and wonder how we did not die it's
a cultural thing we are too bad as
planes like those who raised
Wonder Woman we've worked our asses off
we've opened up our own store well women
when four hundred and ninety-three
thousand dollars in debt I'm Clara Luna
I am going to invest 1.7 million dollars
on you we would love a million but in my
experience business and friendship don't
always mix you don't have to worry your
pretty little head my head is not little
it's just that my breasts are humongous
you want to be a businesswoman you're
gonna have to act like a boss you have
to fire him what don't hate me hate Mel
was her idea witness my tragic moment
[Music]
introducing a new product at her launch
party she just wants to steal our ideas
we don't break this bitch's back
[Music]
I'll punch that in the face I
would marry you if I was in the coochie
those two peppers they are very spicy
just a little sliver goes a long way the
peppers are really hot I found out about
wrinkles through a news story meet
Southwest Florida's wrinkles the clown
you can call him he will scare people
for you
you don't know if he's trying to do this
or trying to kill you it's like a
boogeyman situation oh my god we know
that there's a human underneath and yet
you don't go with identity and that
creeps people out you've got to be
afraid of rain he's really by calling
him you're essentially inviting him in
into your life it was different about
this was the final nature of social
media there's two people in his body a
multiple personality he's been working
like this for 65
richard out is calling
[Applause]
you know no one was hiring me when I was
just a regular clown
I just thought yeah you know maybe I'll
give it a little edge
[Music]
when I was a kid there was a place a
dark place
they closed it down and let it rot
but the things that lived there
they come back now I'm gonna ride the
bus this far north you're running away
from something
reminding myself I guess
you can hear me your magic like me I
don't know about magic
I was called at the shining the world is
how many place the dangerous place
[Music]
these people they hurt people like us
these into Devils they are eat or chat
notice they're coming
where we going
there's a place
you sure you want to do this
yes you round here
then I'll find you
and you will scream for years
[Music]
what I'm about to tell you is gonna be
very difficult to understand but you
deserve the truth
my mom was at church and Ashley was
there she had a breakdown in front of
everyone we even said she was bleeding
from her eyes
it was Reverend Michael there yeah I
just saw him yesterday and he didn't say
anything about it
[Music]
place like a candle on top of a Bible
and then you look into a mirror you do a
seance
[Music]
or major lastly believe he believed that
there was some enchantment in the light
[Music]
when Maddie did
tall tales what
Oh God Oh God what what what what what
what the
what what what what what what
wawk wawk wawk wawk wawk wawk wawk wawk
what
Neptune's strategy Ted Winslow
all right have it your way
[Music]
now you're each gonna camp on a
different island by yourself
three days and three nights look around
you your own slice of paradise hey wait
can you at least tell me your name stay
close to the fire so how long have you
been here for since I was little
were there other people here too just my
mother you can't ever go through here
okay she'll kill you if she finds you
the person I was supposed to pick me up
she's dead
I found her boat shipwreck I saw your
mother I think she killed her we see
these things at night these terrible
things at night she's stuck here just
like us let's just get out of here while
we still can
I have to help her
you have no idea what you're doing
it's always here
[Music]
there's this kid you didn't think he
could cut it I forget it was just the
usual chitters I take him under my wing
he was wired to be scared
Pearl Harbor is the greatest
intelligence failure in American history
this can never happen again
I want to make your brain
at least some of the boys still wanna
fight
the Japanese are planning something
bigger so what's the target
we believe it's Midway Washington
disagrees Washington is wrong if we lose
and Japanese on the west coast
Seattle San Francisco Los Angeles Oh
burn
we got the order to launch we need to
throw a punch so they know what it feels
like to be hit
we're talking about a couple dozen plane
it's all Japanese fleet
this isn't a fair fight
I don't need this man
you know that you came to
when people accountable
you'll be able to face anything
[Music]
our phones have become essential apps
keep track of our schedules our Fitness
our love lives but what if an app could
tell you how long I got 63 years 57
years before you died would you want to
know this app it's fake obviously my
girlfriend said the same thing I knew
that app said she was gonna die whatever
is happening to us I think it's because
with this digging in your phone and you
phone your number your service anything
else I can help you with No
[Music]
[Applause]
the countdown app it's really just a
random number with a clock it's not that
scary
but it seems like it worked on YouTube
clowns this must be everyone that
downloaded the app downloaded it all we
need to do is beat the clock
by one second you ever done anything
like this before no but I've read about
it all Lots this is a fate much worse
and death will pursue you come with me
it won't overwhelm you until you're
utterly destroyed
you're you calling my name
Ms Walden your son situation is very
serious James
Nina lessons oh he's a good cat he's
suspended effective immediately next
time it will not be a next time
never three of them coming for me next
one school or juvenile hall you have got
to choose
I will move heaven and earth for you to
go to a private school you want to
borrow $7000 for school I'll mow gobo
you don't rob a bank
you just don't qualify my son can't wait
come work for me I'll look you up he
needs change today not tomorrow not next
week
and definitely not eventually we've been
waiting I'm done
so when you say I say a lot of things
I'm a politician to what you did so that
low-income students could go to private
schools well I want to do that here you
have a better chance of winning the
lottery than getting that done on behalf
of the parents of Washington DC and
present this petition then the rules are
clear sir to home this is a movement
honey this is the salary ratio please
join me in welcoming which in Walden
you might just be formidable you are
going to do right find the thousands of
kids in washington d.c wall thickness
council
I have to say
so you cannot you will not deny our
children their right to learn
[Music]
you don't I
Roman Teresa Palma fear Milania report
another syllable celebrate life you see
the giant pound horrible
because they did Bessie super
[Music]
Rosetta
so philosophical difference a boy
Kuya so they develop a Los Angeles hush
it masks opposites in combined promenade
from Turkish with a movie jomeyer
our young set to schedule sir she call
it over my agency passage in I say
Baskerville which was here government
whenever
go visit Samba I see mother
[Music]
we're at Austin
Kiera Nikita Parker Division V alpha
[Music]
just remember what I said
there is hope for you yet
three weeks ago there was a robbery in
Auburn South Dakota
amerimike 4 out of 5 men have been
apprehended one man has left
[Music]
when I saw you you don't talk much do
you
I can't stare here's what you're gonna
do we believe he may be hiding wounded
possibly incapacitated that's what you
seen this man Wesley
did I say we were done storm clouds may
be brewing
sunny days lie ahead
[Music]
sky's the limit can I ask you something
what took you so long to respond to me I
don't feel like being alone not tonight
she turns attender what made you pick me
I liked your picture you have this sad
look on your face I felt sorry for you
[Music]
you made a playlist that's the key to my
phone so what happens to me you're gonna
drop me off and then you'll go home I
guess
oh did you think we were gonna have sex
no we failed executed turn signal back
there
oh my bad step out of the vehicle can I
ask why officer no you may not
shayzon i hadnt going round now are you
serious
wise guy I wouldn't mean it bad I messed
up he's playing I don't think that's
what he wanted hey is this y'all we have
to go now
it's all over the news
my support which I adore it was
self-defense within the black money in
Clara
think I'll run the police we hide in
plain sight
you ladies I don't know yet
don't worry you're safe here
it's an honor to meet y'all y'all really
gave us honorable evil I'm tired of
playing the same I want a ride or die as
long as my lady remembers me fine
it's all I need
thank you for this journey no matter how
it is
[Music]